
obj/agrif_connect.o: obj/agrif_parameters.o obj/agrif_profiles.o obj/dom_oce.o
obj/agrif_connect.o: obj/domzgr.o

obj/agrif_dom_update.o: obj/agrif_parameters.o obj/agrif_profiles.o
obj/agrif_dom_update.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domzgr.o obj/lbclnk.o

obj/agrif_domzgr.o: obj/agrif_profiles.o obj/dom_oce.o


obj/agrif_parameters.o: obj/par_kind.o


obj/agrif_recompute_scales.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/agrif_user.o: obj/agrif_parameters.o obj/agrif_profiles.o obj/dom_oce.o
obj/agrif_user.o: obj/domain.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/agrif_user.o: obj/nemogcm.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/bilinear_interp.o: obj/dombat_util.o

obj/calendar.o: obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/daymod.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o
obj/daymod.o: obj/phycst.o


obj/depth_e3.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o


obj/dom_oce.o: obj/par_oce.o

obj/domain.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domclo.o obj/domhgr.o obj/dommsk.o obj/domzgr.o
obj/domain.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/domain.o: obj/phycst.o

obj/dombat.o: obj/agrif_parameters.o obj/bilinear_interp.o obj/dom_oce.o
obj/dombat.o: obj/dombat_util.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/dombat.o: obj/lib_mpp.o


obj/domcfg.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/domclo.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domngb.o obj/domutl.o obj/in_out_manager.o
obj/domclo.o: obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_fortran.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/domhgr.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domwri.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/domhgr.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/domisf.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domngb.o obj/domutl.o obj/in_out_manager.o
obj/domisf.o: obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/domisf.F90_occigen.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domngb.o obj/domutl.o
obj/domisf.F90_occigen.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/dommsk.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domisf.F90_occigen.o obj/domwri.o
obj/dommsk.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/dommsk.o: obj/usrdef_fmask.o

obj/domngb.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/domutl.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domngb.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/domutl.o: obj/lib_mpp.o

obj/domwri.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/domwri.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/domzgr.o: obj/agrif_domzgr.o obj/depth_e3.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/dombat.o
obj/domzgr.o: obj/domisf.F90_occigen.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/domzgr.o: obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_fortran.o obj/lib_mpp.o


obj/in_out_manager.o: obj/nc4interface.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/ioipsl.o: obj/calendar.o obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o

obj/iom.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/domngb.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o
obj/iom.o: obj/iom_def.o obj/iom_nf90.o obj/lbclnk.o obj/lib_fortran.o
obj/iom.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/phycst.o

obj/iom_def.o: obj/par_kind.o

obj/iom_nf90.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom_def.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/iom_nf90.o: obj/lib_mpp.o






obj/lbclnk.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbcnfd.o obj/lib_mpp.o
obj/lbclnk.o: obj/par_oce.o

obj/lbcnfd.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o

obj/lib_fortran.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/lib_fortran.o: obj/lib_mpp.o obj/par_oce.o


obj/lib_mpp.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbcnfd.o

obj/make_domain_cfg.o: obj/nemogcm.o

obj/mathelp.o: obj/errioipsl.o obj/stringop.o





obj/mppini.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/ioipsl.o obj/iom.o
obj/mppini.o: obj/lbcnfd.o obj/lib_mpp.o


obj/nemogcm.o: obj/agrif_connect.o obj/agrif_dom_update.o
obj/nemogcm.o: obj/agrif_recompute_scales.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/domain.o
obj/nemogcm.o: obj/domcfg.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o obj/lbcnfd.o
obj/nemogcm.o: obj/lib_fortran.o obj/lib_mpp.o obj/mppini.o obj/phycst.o


obj/par_oce.o: obj/par_kind.o

obj/phycst.o: obj/in_out_manager.o obj/par_oce.o

obj/step_oce.o: obj/daymod.o obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/iom.o
obj/step_oce.o: obj/lbclnk.o


obj/usrdef_fmask.o: obj/dom_oce.o obj/in_out_manager.o obj/lbclnk.o
obj/usrdef_fmask.o: obj/lib_mpp.o


obj/agrif_modutil.mod: obj/dombat_util.o
obj/domisf.mod: obj/domisf.F90_occigen.o
